Add how to use your own root CA (#958)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/guides/operations/kubernetes/kubernetes-install/index.md

rad install kubernetes --set global.zipkin.url=http://jaeger-collector.radius-monitoring.svc.cluster.local:9411/api/v2/spans,rp.publicEndpointOverride=localhost:8081
```

### Use your own root certificate authority certificate

> Many enterprises leverage intermediate root certificate authorities (CAs) to enhance security and control over outgoing traffic originating from their employees' machines, particularly when using a firewall solution. In this setup, when Radius attempts to connect to an external endpoint, such as Azure or AWS, traffic is blocked by the firewall. You may optionally use`--set-file` when installing Radius to inject your root CA certificates into Radius:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many enterprises leverage intermediate root certificate authorities (CAs) to enhance security and control over outgoing traffic originating from their employees' machines, particularly when using a firewall or proxy solution. In this setup, when Radius attempts to connect to an external endpoint, such as Azure or AWS, traffic is blocked by the firewall. You may optionally use`--set-file` when installing Radius to inject your root CA certificates into Radius:
```

Adding proxy for the index hit

> Many enterprises leverage intermediate root certificate authorities (CAs) to enhance security and control over outgoing traffic originating from their employees' machines, particularly when using a firewall or proxy solution. In this setup, when Radius attempts to connect to an external endpoint, such as Azure or AWS, traffic is blocked by the firewall. You may optionally use`--set-file` when installing Radius to inject your root CA certificates into Radius:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many enterprises leverage intermediate root certificate authorities (CAs) to enhance security and control over outgoing traffic originating from their employees' machines, particularly when using a firewall or proxy solution. For example, some enterprises may choose to issue CAs per org and control the traffic per org. In this setup, when Radius attempts to connect to an external endpoint, such as Azure or AWS, traffic is blocked by the firewall. You may optionally use`--set-file` when installing Radius to inject your root CA certificates into Radius:
```

> Many enterprise users leverage intermediate root certificate authorities (CAs) to enhance security and control over outgoing traffic originating from their employees' machines, particularly when using a firewall solution. In such environment, when Radius attempts to connect to external endpoints, such as Azure, AWS control planes, or IAMs, all traffic are blocked by the firewall. You can optionally use the `--set-file` to inject the root CA certificates to Radius containers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many enterprises leverage intermediate root certificate authorities (CAs) to enhance security and control over outgoing traffic originating from their employees' machines, particularly when using a firewall solution. In this setup, when Radius attempts to connect to an external endpoint, such as Azure or AWS, traffic is blocked by the firewall. You may optionally use`--set-file` when installing Radius to inject your root CA certificates into Radius:
```

Reviewer 3: Do we need to a position on why enterprises do this? I would argue that it doesn't enhance security for the user.

Reviewer 3: We need to mention proxies in here, and we should probably keyword/tag the term proxy so it can be searched. 

This is a proxy not a firewall 😆

Author: > Do we need to a position on why enterprises do this? I would argue that it doesn't enhance security for the user.

It is true that the intermediate root CA is being used for the security in the corp network. One of the main reason enterprises uses Intermediate root CA is security purpose because they can issue CA per org and control the traffic per org.

> We need to mention proxies in here, and we should probably keyword/tag the term proxy so it can be searched.
> 
> This is a proxy not a firewall 😆

Intermediate CA is controlled and filtered by firewall solution/gear in corp network. proxy seems more implementation detail. The firewall here is not a local firewall software in machine. Firewall solution here is network hardware or gear at corp network level.

Reviewer 2: @rynowak - please take a look at the updated text that incorporates your feedback and @youngbupark's answers. if this looks good to you, please provide your approval or else let me know if additional feedback: https://github.com/radius-project/docs/pull/958/files#r1406909453
